Warehousing is the physical management
of items within an organization.
It includes the physical receipt of incoming items,
the physical storage and control of items,
picking, packing and staging against orders
as well as shipping.
Physical receipt involves accepting items
into the organization, unloading them from inbound
carriers and verifying correct quantities,
qualities, and documentation.
Storage and control of items involves moving
accepted items into the warehouse, putting them away
into correct locations, recording the locations
and amounts into an inventory system, verifying
locations and amounts against inventory system
records and controlling physical access to the items.
Picking, packing and staging involves physically
selecting the correct items and amounts ordered
from the warehouse, decrementing the inventory records,
placing the items into appropriate containers,
labeling the containers as required and moving the
containers into an area to building shipping loads.
Shipping involves loading outbound carriers with
packed borders and completing and providing
associated documentation such as bills of loading.
An example of warehousing and industry would include
storing items for Walmart.
For instance, Walmart has distribution centers
that will store items until requested by the
stores to stock.